{
  "title": "21 Jan 2010",
  "ns": 0,
  "id": 142,
  "slug": "21_Jan_2010",
  "latest_revision": {
    "id": 1838,
    "timestamp": "2011-02-08T06:58:18Z",
    "contributor": {
      "username": "Will",
      "ip": null,
      "id": 22
    },
    "comment": "Protected \"[[21 Jan 2010]]\" ([edit=autoconfirmed] (indefinite) [move=autoconfirmed] (indefinite))",
    "text": "Board Meeting Agenda \n01/21/2010\nPresent: Will, Jacob, Jeremy, David, Andrea, Rick Ohhhh!, Shannon\nMissing: Zach* \n(*communicated – family obligation)\n\n*1. Space at Gangplank? \n**1.1. Do we have key? (No key yet. Jacob to ensure we have a key before Thursday)\n**1.2. Briefly discuss email from Derek – everyone is good with it. ☺ \n**1.3. Offer to take over Arduino Night from Gangplank \n*2. Arduino Night\n**2.1. How it went? 5 HSL members and 5-7 other interested persons\n**2.2. Interest in future? We will take over the night – keeping it separate from HSL meetings (contact Arduino guys)\n*3. Business Cards\n**3.1. Business cards - design/decision (Decision made on design by Friday morning by David. Respond by Sunday. Rick to get quotes)\n*4. 501c3 Filling\n**4.1. Finances update – need date for Y3 Financials. (everyone to review Y1. By next meeting)\n**4.2. Filing deadline\n*5. Next Meeting\n**5.1.TO BE THERE NO LATER THAN 6:45\n**5.2. Rep Rap build - how to sort parts?Put out to public to prepare for night.\n**5.3. pizza? snacks? (Andrea to take care of)\n**5.4. other presentations/activities – lock picking guy (Jeremy to contact) Rick’s project, other projects\n**5.5. Marketing: twitter, facebook, blog, email. \n*6. Harold’s Email (from previous meeting)\n**6.1. any new info on? (No update curretly. Future task)\n*7. Fundraising\n**7.1. Kickstarter \n**7.2. LAN party (update to come soon from Jeremy)\n**7.3. other new ideas?\n*8.Outreach -- Community Events (tabled because of holidays)\n*9. Contact Andre\n**9.1. need for organization – especially now that we have a “space”\n*10. Membership\n**10.1. Possible for charging $25 for key to storage unit\n**10.2. Discussing starting in February for the membership\n**10.3. More discussion later \n**10.4. Purchase chest and filling with stuff\n**10.5. Board starts paying on 1/14/10\n**10.6. Research what that will look like (Andrea)\n*11. Shannon\t\n**11.1. What exactly is she willing to work on while in town?\n**11.2. Bank Account information\n\n----\n\nDavid --- bios and pics for board page\n\nIEEE table – just buy seats at the GOLD table and wear googles; registation form. Need to figure out when the registration form is available and by when we need to buy seats (David)\n\nFinancials for IRS – email out about meeting available time by Friday night\n\nMtg Next Thursday – reserve conference room @ gangplank\n\nWill – laptops ready for Arduino night\n\nArduinos – (Jacob) (David H.) (Rick) (Jeremy?)\n\nReschedule board meeting – need to decide when to host\n\nTwo meetings in a row – Jeremy to contact Austin to push back lock picking presentation\n\nDavid to contact Skyler for presentation on home security system\n\nTOOLSHARE – WILL next Thursday for basic usage (check up half way through week)\n\nMake Magazine – Authorized Seller; $36 (get ½ of them back)\n\nBasic Membership Model – brainstorming on “what we offer”/donations\n\nFebruary fundraiser?\n\nLAN Party Update – CCWH still has security concerns, Jeremy to review things. \n\nPolice auction – Shannon to research where and when and how to visit\n\nWebsite Revamp – kinda started to be done but no date set\n\nPrinted plastic parts for rep rap – doing it at UAT. \n\nKeep Counts and Sign Ups for meetings – Andrea\n\nIRC/Twitter/UStream up at each meeting – Jeremy/Jacob\n\nStats from website, wiki – IT (Zach and Will)\n\nCreating an Arduino workshop",
    "bytes": 3386
  },
  "revision_count": 2,
  "first_revision_timestamp": "2010-02-22T05:55:32Z",
  "is_redirect": false
}