{
  "title": "HYH Meeting 2012-12-13",
  "ns": 0,
  "id": 1067,
  "slug": "HYH_Meeting_2012-12-13",
  "latest_revision": {
    "id": 3970,
    "timestamp": "2012-12-28T02:13:51Z",
    "contributor": {
      "username": "Paulhickey",
      "ip": null,
      "id": 667
    },
    "comment": "",
    "text": "This page was automatically copied from [[HYH Meeting Template]] by [[User:Phong]]. If you would like to change the structure of how future meetings perform, please make any modifications to [[HYH Meeting Template]]. If you would like to propose something at the next meeting, bring it up on the mailing list with \"PROPOSAL:\" in the subject line and Phong will add it to the next meeting's agenda.\n\n= Agenda =\n\n* '''Note Taker:''' Paul Hickey\n* '''Moderator:''' Paul Hickey\n* '''Number of Members Present:''' 14\n\n== Proposals ==\n\n=== All proposals from previous meeting ===\n\n=== [https://groups.google.com/forum/?fromgroups=#!topicsearchin/heatsynclabs/subject:proposal$20AND$20after:2012$2F11$2F08$20AND$20before:2012$2F12$2F07/heatsynclabs/Br4bfvgcsOE] Create guest sign-in book===\n\n* Proposal by '''Paul Hickey'''\n*9 For/1 Against - '''PASSED'''\n\n=== [https://groups.google.com/forum/?fromgroups=#!topicsearchin/heatsynclabs/subject:proposal$20AND$20after:2012$2F11$2F08$20AND$20before:2012$2F12$2F07/heatsynclabs/Ld4p6T4WwAI] Define safety incident reporting===\n*Proposal by '''Michael Mathers'''\n*0 For/4 Against - '''FAILED'''\n\n=== [https://groups.google.com/forum/?fromgroups=#!topicsearchin/heatsynclabs/subject:proposal$20AND$20after:2012$2F11$2F08$20AND$20before:2012$2F12$2F07/heatsynclabs/fXsfkVEGN6Q] Drink system moves to being a complete honors system===\n\n*Proposal by '''Chad Stearns'''\n*11 For/1 Against - '''PASSED'''\n\n=== [https://groups.google.com/forum/?fromgroups=#!topicsearchin/heatsynclabs/subject:proposal$20AND$20after:2012$2F11$2F08$20AND$20before:2012$2F12$2F07/heatsynclabs/B_NLQtqzmPg] Card access for Mark 'Trunk' Kirschenbaum ===\n\n*Proposal by '''Jacob Rosenthal'''\n*15 For/0 Against - '''PASSED'''\n\n=== [https://groups.google.com/forum/?fromgroups=#!topicsearchin/heatsynclabs/subject:proposal$20AND$20after:2012$2F11$2F08$20AND$20before:2012$2F12$2F07/heatsynclabs/Xeo0lk5Imgg] Purchase Craftsman miter saw to replace RAS ===\n\n*Proposal by '''Ben Humphereys'''\n*'''WITHDRAWN'''\n\n=== [https://groups.google.com/forum/?fromgroups=#!topicsearchin/heatsynclabs/subject:proposal$20AND$20after:2012$2F11$2F08$20AND$20before:2012$2F12$2F07/heatsynclabs/lY-M_Rl9fOE] Only people with card access can vote on granting card access===\n\n*Proposal by '''Chad Stearns'''\n*9 For/5 Against - '''PASSED'''\n\n=== [https://groups.google.com/forum/?fromgroups=#!topicsearchin/heatsynclabs/subject:proposal$20AND$20after:2012$2F11$2F08$20AND$20before:2012$2F12$2F07/heatsynclabs/ii3Vbz6TUxE] Officially declare our adherence to the Prime Directive ===\n\n*Proposal by Ryan McDermott\n*'''WITHDRAWN'''\n\n=== [https://groups.google.com/forum/?fromgroups=#!topicsearchin/heatsynclabs/1500/heatsynclabs/HZSCjCSl5Ew] Grant 1500 in matching funds for the wood shop buildout ===\n\n*Proposal by '''Brian Aday'''\n*4 For/7 Against - '''FAILED'''\n\n\n[[Category:HYH]] [[Category:Meetings]]",
    "bytes": 2884
  },
  "revision_count": 8,
  "first_revision_timestamp": "2012-12-07T23:17:48Z",
  "is_redirect": false
}