{
  "title": "HYH Meeting 2013-02-14",
  "ns": 0,
  "id": 1077,
  "slug": "HYH_Meeting_2013-02-14",
  "latest_revision": {
    "id": 4024,
    "timestamp": "2013-02-15T06:25:05Z",
    "contributor": {
      "username": "Will",
      "ip": null,
      "id": 22
    },
    "comment": "/* Proposals */",
    "text": "This page was copied from [[HYH Meeting Template]] by [[User:Will]]. If you would like to change the structure of how future meetings perform, please make any modifications to [[HYH Meeting Template]]. If you would like to propose something at the next meeting, bring it up on the mailing list with \"PROPOSAL:\" in the subject line and Phong will add it to the next meeting's agenda.\n\n= Agenda =\n\n* '''Moderator:''' Jacob\n* '''Number of Members Present:''' 15\n\n== Announcements ==\n\n* Will has created [http://members.heatsynclabs.org] for member info, please check it out.\n\n== Financial Report ==\n* Chad presented our first financial report in months; thanks Chad!\n\n== Proposals ==\n\n* Jacob: James Brooks card access\n** Results: 12 yes/0 no/0 abstain\n** Text: Have you met James Brooks?\n::Hes 155 pounds mixed breed.\n::He's a family dog with a strong work ethic, very friendly, and loves kids.\n::Hes Already laser trained, housebroken, and even gives hot topics talks! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g4dlxllOouk\n::You might recognize his previous work including:\n::His compost bin: http://www.flickr.com/photos/hslphotosync/8305705712/in/photostream\n::His son's pine wood derby racer: http://www.flickr.com/photos/hslphotosync/8305705712/in/photostream\n::His awesome hackphx game http://www.flickr.com/photos/hslphotosync/8237742446/in/photostream\n::His open source submissions to thingiverse http://www.thingiverse.com/thing:40530\n::I found him on our doorstep two Saturdays ago and I just couldn't help but let him in. \n::Are we willing to let this little guy into our hearts and our hackerspace?\n\n* JR: Facilities/Official New Location Committee\n** Results: 0 yes/11 no/4 abstain\n** Text: I propose we form a facilities committee. This committee shall consist of not more than 7 members of HSL,  and shall have the task of working with our landlord to address the inadequacies of our current location and/or finding a new location.  This committee shall report back no later than the HYH on April 26 with their recommended course of action.  The following members: Will Bradley, Jason Rziha, and Chad Stearns, having indicated they are willing to serve, are hereby appointed to the committee.  Other members who wish to serve may request and be appointed at future HYH's.\n\n== Discussion Items ==\n\n* James: members generally agree that he is responsible, a valued contributor, and a nice/generous guy. Jeremy and Jacob commented that they would like to hear feedback like this on card votes rather than simply \"he's cool\" since responsibility and contributions are more important than simply being cool.\n\n* Facilities Committee: members generally agree that they want action on the facilities and agree with JR's vision, but that HSL's \"doocracy\" philosophy empowers JR to already do everything he proposes. JR countered that he simply wanted to get consensus and a mandate in public so as to avoid claims that things were done in secret, as happened with the recent wood shop committee. Will commented that he wants action, regardless of whether the proposal passes or not.\n\n[[Category:HYH]] [[Category:Meetings]]",
    "bytes": 3115
  },
  "revision_count": 2,
  "first_revision_timestamp": "2013-02-15T06:17:49Z",
  "is_redirect": false
}