{
  "title": "HYH Meeting 2012-11-22",
  "ns": 0,
  "id": 1063,
  "slug": "HYH_Meeting_2012-11-22",
  "latest_revision": {
    "id": 3922,
    "timestamp": "2012-11-17T16:40:18Z",
    "contributor": {
      "username": "Mbmather",
      "ip": null,
      "id": 675
    },
    "comment": "/* Create a Kiosk Sign-In System */",
    "text": "This page was automatically copied from [[HYH Meeting Template]] by [[User:Phong]]. If you would like to change the structure of how future meetings perform, please make any modifications to [[HYH Meeting Template]]. If you would like to propose something at the next meeting, bring it up on the mailing list with \"PROPOSAL:\" in the subject line and Phong will add it to the next meeting's agenda.\n\n= Instructions =\n* Read the instructions out loud for all to comprehend.\n* '''Delete these instructions prior to posting completed minutes'''\n* Pick a moderator and note-taker\n* Review [[HYH Meeting 2012-11-08|the last meeting's minutes]]\n* If proposals have been amended or withdrawn, update this document accordingly before the meeting.\n\n== Note-taker ==\n* Open a text editor to take down some '''detailed''' minutes.\n** Detail is important. If it isn't written down, it never happened.\n** Make sure you record vote counts and not only the final results\n* Project the minutes and notes throughout the meeting on the projector in the centre of the room. \n** This is done in lieu of whiteboarding because screw whiteboarding.\n* Follow the instructions in the End of Meeting section at the appropriate time.\n\n== Moderator ==\n* Start by taking count of present voting members for quorom\n** Note Taker should note this count in the Agenda section\n* Make sure everyone gets a chance to speak\n* Speak minimally yourself\n* Keep the meeting moving\n* Handle the membership voting process\n* Be sure to thoroughly follow the procedure outlined in this document, as the template may occasionally change without warning.\n\n== Participants ==\n* Remain on-topic\n* Remain respectful of other participants\n\n= Agenda =\n\n* '''Note Taker:''' FIXME\n* '''Moderator:''' FIXME\n* '''Number of Members Present:''' FIXME\n\n== Announcements ==\n\n* Any cool new projects? Something you want everyone to know?\n* Any happenings that people should be aware of?\n\n== Financial Report ==\n* Funds in bank: ##FIXME## (Can be seen at [[Financial Report]].)\n\n== Proposals ==\n\n\n\n=== Only people with card access can vote on granting card access ===\n\n* Proposal by '''Chad Stearns'''\n* Proposed on '''Mon, 12 Nov 2012 03:14:40 -0800 (PST)'''\n\n<pre>\n*PROPOSAL: Only people with card access can vote on granting card access*\n      *-In addition, there must be at least 6 card holding members voting \non card access proposals. If there are not 6 card holding members at the \nHYH, then the proposal is tabled until the next HYH.*\n*\n*\n-Chad \"Excellent-proposals\" Stearns\n\n-- \n</pre>\n\n==== Discussion ====\n<!-- note any discussion here, preferably with attribution of discussers -->\n\n* '''RESULT: #FIXME#''' <!-- record final verdict and tally of votes -->\n\n\n=== Create guest sign in book ===\n\n* Proposal by '''Paul Hickey'''\n* Proposed on '''Thu, 15 Nov 2012 08:32:57 -0700'''\n\n<pre>\nI move to create a sign in book for guests to optionally sign and\noptionally ask for their:\n\nName\nAge\nZipcode\nHow they heard about us\nWhat they are working on\n\nI think this would be a great resource for HSL so we can see who the people\nwho visit HSL, why they are there and where they are from.\n\nThis could help our marketing efforts and help us see where our demographic\nis.  This could also help inform us of where we should maybe move in the\nfuture.\n\nI'm open for more or less fields.\n\n-- \nPaul Hickey\n\n-- \n</pre>\n\n==== Discussion ====\n<!-- note any discussion here, preferably with attribution of discussers -->\n\n* '''RESULT: #FIXME#''' <!-- record final verdict and tally of votes -->\n\n\n===  Better re/define Non Key-Card Member access ===\n\n* Proposal by '''Michael Mathers'''\n* Proposed on '''Thu, 15 Nov 2012 12:59:50 -0800 (PST)'''\n\n<pre>\nProposal:  WITHDRAWN by submitter:  Better re/define Non Key-Card Member access\n-- \n</pre>\n\n==== Discussion ====\n<!-- note any discussion here, preferably with attribution of discussers -->\n\n* '''RESULT: #FIXME#''' <!-- record final verdict and tally of votes -->\n\n===  Create a Kiosk Sign-In System ===\n\n* Proposal by '''Michael Mathers'''\n* Proposed on '''Thu, 15 Nov 2012 13:04:02 -0800 (PST)'''\n\n<pre>\nProposal: WITHDRAWN by submitter: Create a Kiosk Sign-In System\n-- \n</pre>\n\n==== Discussion ====\n<!-- note any discussion here, preferably with attribution of discussers -->\n\n* '''RESULT: #FIXME#''' <!-- record final verdict and tally of votes -->\n\n=== Define Safety Incident Reporting Procedures ===\n\n* Proposal by '''Michael Mathers'''\n* Proposed on '''Thu, 15 Nov 2012 13:08:34 -0800 (PST)'''\n\n<pre>\nThe Incident Report Form link does not point to anything and I did not see \nany procedures.  Create some procedures.\n\n-- \n</pre>\n\n==== Discussion ====\n<!-- note any discussion here, preferably with attribution of discussers -->\n\n* '''RESULT: #FIXME#''' <!-- record final verdict and tally of votes -->\n\n\n=== Purchase Craftsman Miter Saw to replace RAS ===\n\n* Proposal by '''Ben Humpherys'''\n* Proposed on '''Thu, 15 Nov 2012 15:00:59 -0800 (PST)'''\n\n<pre>\nI propose that HeatSync Labs purchase a Craftsman 10\" Single Bevel Sliding \ncompound Saw, item #21237, for no more than $250. If unavailable, the \nnearest equivalent miter saw available can be substituted. \n\nhttp://www.sears.com/craftsman-10inch-single-bevel-sliding-compound-miter-saw-21237/p-00921237000P\n\nThis will replace the current radial arm saw. The current price tag is \n$190. Adding sales tax makes it just over $200. It is currently in stock at \nmultiple local Sears stores for in-store pickup. The extra limit on \nspending is in case of any changes in price.\n\nMany have complained about the radial arm saw. It is unintuitive for many \nto use, leading to frequent improper and unsafe use. It takes a lot of \nspace in the shop, constricting foot traffic through the shop. After \nshopping around online for some time, this particular model seems to be the \nbest value. Craftsman is a well-known and high quality brand. It can cut \nboards up to 12 inches deep, which is only 4 inches less than the current \nradial arm saw. It includes a dust bag to limit the sawdust scattered in \nthe lab. It has a laser for precise alignment of cuts. It has a 15 amp, 3 \nhorsepower motor. It weighs 52 pounds.\n\nThis will take up less space than the RAS because it can be left on a \ntable, or stowed away underneath the table when unused. It can be moved \noutside if necessary for cutting of particularly long pieces of wood. It \nallows us the same wood cutting capabilities but in a more flexible and \nsafer package. And it isn't very expensive either. To get a sliding miter \nsaw with more reach would require jumping up to $400+. \n\n-- \n</pre>\n\n==== Discussion ====\n<!-- note any discussion here, preferably with attribution of discussers -->\n\n* '''RESULT: #FIXME#''' <!-- record final verdict and tally of votes -->\n\n\n\n\n== Discussion Items ==\n\nIf an item of discussion drags on too long, further discussion may be postponed until after the meeting ends.\n\nDuring discussion, it is not necessary to write down exactly what each person says. Record the topics of discussion, and any items of consensus or controversy here. Detailed descriptions of the conversation should go on the discuss page for this meeting.\n\n= End of Meeting =\n* Delete the \"Instructions\" section at the top of this page.\n* Delete this section.\n* Post the notes to the wiki\n* Discuss any items for which there was not enough time during the meeting\n\n[[Category:HYH]] [[Category:Meetings]]",
    "bytes": 7399
  },
  "revision_count": 3,
  "first_revision_timestamp": "2012-11-17T00:30:41Z",
  "is_redirect": false
}